SQL: 

    pros: 
    - easy to use
    - universal
    - good at high performance 
    - good for structured data

    cons: 
    - time consuming
    - difficult to scale

noSQL:

    pros: 
    - rapid devilopment cycle 
    - faster than SQL
    - runs well on the cloud

    cons: 
    - tech still meturing 
    - slower response time

<br>

1- What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?

If your data is well organized and associations between system organizations are well defined, the standard SQL-based data is very accurate.

<br>

2- Give a real world example.

<br>

3- What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?

if your application requires high availability and scalability, a NoSQL Database built on BASE properties might be suitable. Choose NoSQL if you have or need: Semi-structured or Unstructured data flexible schema. Limited pre-defined access paths and query patterns.

<br>

4- Give a real world example.

<br>

5- Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?

Document based database like MongoDB, and Redis are great for small scale, hierarchical data with a relatively small amount of children for each entry.

<br>

6- Which type of database is best for scalability?

The clear winner with over 1/3 of multiple database type use is the combination of MySQL and MongoDB. While MongoDB is often considered an alternative to MySQL, the two databases do work well together when properly designed.

<hr>

<br>

1- What does SQL stand for? 

Structured Query Language

<br>

2- What is a realational database?

A relational database is a type of database that stores and provides access to data points that are related to one another.

<br>

3- What type of structure does a relational database work with?

A database schema is a structure defined in a structured language supported by a data management system. The term "schema" refers to data processing as a blueprint for how data is structured

4- What is a NoSQL database?

A NoSQL database provides a mechanism for storage and retrieval of data that is modeled in means other than the tabular relations used in relational databases. 


5- What is inside of a Mongodb database?

MongoDB stores data records as documents (specifically BSON documents) which are gathered together in collections. A database stores one or more collections of documents.

6- Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB?

While MongoDB is more flexible and ensures high and diverse data availability, a SQL Database operates with the ACID (Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, and Durability) properties and ensures greater reliability of transactions