## What is a ‘call’?

A call stack is a mechanism for an interpreter (like the JavaScript interpreter in a web browser) to keep track of its place in a script that calls multiple functions — what function is currently being run and what functions are called from within that function,

<br>

## How many ‘calls’ can happen at once?

You can use as many as you want.got to keep in mind that JavaScript is single threaded, so none of them can execute in parallel.

<br>

## What does LIFO mean?

Last in, first out

 the same way as a stack of dinner plates or other types of the stack in the real world works—the most recent element added to the stack should be the first out.

<br>

 ## What causes a Stack Overflow?

 The most-common cause of stack overflow is excessively deep or infinite recursion, in which a function calls itself so many times that the space needed to store the variables and information associated with each call is more than can fit on the stack.

 <hr>

<br>

 ## What is a ‘refrence error’?
it is thrown when a code attempts to reference a non-existing variable.

<br>

## What is a ‘syntax error’?

The SyntaxError object represents an error when trying to interpret syntactically invalid code. It is thrown when the JavaScript engine encounters tokens or token order that does not conform to the syntax of the language when parsing code

<br>

## What is a ‘range error’?  

A RangeError is thrown when trying to pass a value as an argument to a function that does not allow a range that includes the value

<br>

## What is a ‘tyep error’?

The TypeError object represents an error when an operation could not be performed, typically when a value is not of the expected type. 

<br>

## What is a breakpoint?

At each breakpoint, JavaScript will stop executing, and let you examine JavaScript values. After examining values, you can resume the execution of code

<br>

## What does the word ‘debugger’ do in your code?

Debuggers allow users to halt the execution of the program, examine the values of variables, step execution of the program line by line, and set breakpoints on lines or specific functions that, when hit, will halt execution of the program at that spot.

