## What is REST?

 REST is an architectural style for building distributed systems based on hypermedia. REST is independent of any underlying protocol and is not necessarily tied to HTTP.

 <br>

 ## REST APIs are designed around a ____.

 REST APIs are designed around ***resources***, which are any kind of object, data, or service that can be accessed by the client.

## What is an identifer of a resource?

Resource identification refers to the unambiguous reporting of research resources

such as:

1- genes

2- organisms

3- tools

4- reagents 

<br>

## What are the most common HTTP verbs?

they usualy called methods they are: **POST**, **GET**, **PUT**, **PATCH**, and **DELETE**

<br>

## What should the URIs be based on?

it should include a continue to operate as before, returning resources that conform to their original schema.

<br>

## Give an example of a good URI.

<br>

- Stability over time
- Short
- Give the user an idea what is linked
- Easy to type
- Easy to guess (relevant only for a few links like "/jobs")
- Search engine friendly
- URI schema should be consistent over the whole site
- URI schema should allow future extensions

<br>

## What does it mean to have a ‘chatty’ web API? Is this a good or a bad thing?

Chatty API is one that requires consumer to make tremendous then it calls a curtain amount of API calls to get the needed information about a resource, they are not that bad but try to avoid "chatty" web APIs that expose a large number of small resources. 

<br>

## What status code does an unsuccessful GET request return

If not valid, 400 Bad Request is returned. Order is processed. If the order is successful, a 201 Created is returned for the order. If an unexpected error is encountered, a 500 Server Error is returned.

<br>


## What status code does a successful GET, POST and DELET request return?

<br>

**GET** retrieves a representation of the resource at the specified URI. The body of the response message contains the details of the requested resource.


<br>

**POST** creates a new resource at the specified URI. The body of the request message provides the details of the new resource. Note that POST can also be used to trigger operations that don't actually create resources.


<br>

**DELETE** removes the resource at the specified URI.