## What is node.js?

Node.js is an open source, back end javaScript runtime environment that runs on the V8 engine and executes javaScript code outside a web browser.

<br>

## what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine

Chrome V8 is a JavaScript engine, which means it uses JavaScript code. Initially, JavaScript was written for web browsers. Chrome V8, or just V8, can make JavaScript code either inside or outside the browser, making server account authentication possible.

<br>

## What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?

Node method. js operating time environment that achieves gets low latency and high mobility by taking "non-blocking" way of submitting applications. In other words, Node.js spends no time or resources waiting for I/O return requests.

<br>

## What is npm?

npm is the default package manager for JavaScript's runtime Node.js.

<br>

## What version of node are you running on your machine?

16.9.1

<br>

## What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’

npm install

<br>

## What is node used for?

Node. js is primarily used for non-blocking, event-driven servers, due to its single-threaded nature.

<hr>


<br>

## What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?

1. Greater efficiency
2. Engaged collaboration
3. Learning from fellow students
4. Social skills
5. Job interview readiness
6. Work environment readiness

<br>

## which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?

Work environment readiness, because in the end u are studying and getting degress for a chance to get a job right?

<br>

## How does pair programming work?

Pairing programs are a software development method where two programmers work together in one workplace. One, the driver, writes the code and the other, the viewer or navigator, reviews each line of code as it is typed. Both of these programs change roles frequently.

<br>