## Who is Roy Fielding?

Senior Principal Scientist at Adobe, is known for his pioneering work on the World Wide Web, open source, and software architecture. He wrote the standards for HTTP/1. x and URI, has been a contributor to many other Web technologies, and defined the REST architectural style.


<br>

## Why don’t the techniques that we use today work well when we need to be able to talk to all of the machines in the world?

Almost all websites these days seem to greet you with Chatbot. They range from simple programs with limited capabilities, to clever, powerful chat bots thanks to the development of Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Deep Learning.

the machines will be sitting at a desk and browsing the web. But computers can use the same processes to send messages back and forth to each other. We used to do that a long time ago but none of the techniques we use today work well when you need to be able to talk to all the machines in the world.


<br>

## What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created?

 anyway, HTTP—this protocol Fielding and his friends created—is all about applying verbs to nouns. For instance, when you go to a web page, the browser does an HTTP GET on the URL you typed in and back comes a web page.


<br>

 ## What does a GET do?

 GET is used to request data from a specified resource.


<br>

## What does a POST do?

POST is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.


<br>

## What does PUT do?

PUT is used to send data to a server to create/update a resource.

The difference between POST and PUT is that PUT requests are idempotent. 

<br>

## What does PATCH do?

A patch is a set of changes to a computer program or its supporting data designed to update, fix, or improve it.

<hr>

## API Keys:

An API key is a simple encrypted string that identifies an application without any principal. They are useful for accessing public data anonymously, and are used to associate API requests with your project.