## React: Component Lifecycle Events

<br>


### What are component lifecycle events?

What are the events of lifecycle events? React lets you define components as classes or functions. The methods you can use in these are called life events. These methods can be called for the lifetime of a particular component, and allow you to update the UI and application conditions.

<br>

## what happens first, the ‘render’ or the ‘componentDidMount’?

When a component is mounted it is being inserted into the DOM. This is when a constructor is called. componentWillMount is pretty much synonymous with a constructor and is invoked around the same time. componentDidMount will only be called once after the first render.

<br>

## What is the very first thing to happen in the lifecycle of React?

static getDerivedStateFromProps() The static getDerivedStateFromProps is the first react lifecycle method to be invoked during the updating phase

<br>

### the order that they happen

1. constructor
2. render
3. React Updates
4. componentDidMount
5. componentWillUnmount

<br>

### what is componentDidMount?
<br>

well first of all we need to know what is Mounting?

When a componant is being created and inserted into the DOM it occurs during the mounting phase. Constructor, static getDerivedStateFromProps, render, componentDidMount, and UNSAFE_componentWillMount all occur in this order during mounting.

<br>

the **componentDidMount**, it is invoked immediately after a component is mounted. If you need to load anything using a network request or initialize the DOM, it should go there. This method is a good place to set up any subscriptions. If you do that, don’t forget to unsubscribe in componentWillUnmount().

<br>

### What types of things can you pass in the props?

it allows us to pass values from a parent component down to a child component. The values can be any data type, from strings to functions, objects and so on.

### What is the big difference between props and state?

state is internal and controlled by the component itself while props are external and controlled by whatever renders the component

### When do we re-render our application?

React components automatically rerender whenever there is a change in their state or props. A simple update of the state, from anywhere in the code, causes all the User Interface elements to be rerendered automatically. However, there may be cases where the render method depends on some other data types.

### What are some examples of things that we could store in state?

- Local state
- Use cases
- Redux store
- Use cases
