## single responsibility principle

The single responsibility principle (SRP) is a computer programming principle that states that every module, class or function in a computer program should have responsibility over a single part of that program's functionality, and it should encapsulate that part.

<br>

## What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?

static applications and websites render in the  browser without the need for server side processing, this means that all the rendering of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is done on the client side, rather then relying on server side technologies.

<br>

## Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?

you’ll have a library of reusable components that render your data model. The components will only have render() methods since this is a static version of your app. The component at the top of the hierarchy will take your data model as a prop. If you make a change to your underlying data model and call ReactDOM.render() again, the UI will be updated.

<br>

## What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?

State functions are defined by comparing them to a path functions. As mentioned earlier, a state is a building whose value does not depend on the path taken to achieve that task or a certain value. In fact, if something is not a path function, it is probably a state function.

<br>

## How can you identify where state needs to live?

For each piece of state in your application:

- Identify every component that renders something based on that state.

- Find a common owner component (a single component above all the components that need the state in the hierarchy).

- Either the common owner or another component higher up in the hierarchy should own the state.

- If you can’t find a component where it makes sense to own the state, create a new component solely for holding the state and add it somewhere in the hierarchy above the common owner component.

<br>

## What is a “higher-order function”?

functions can be assigned to variables in the same way that strings or arrays can. They can be passed into other functions as parameters or returned from them as well. A “higher-order function” is a function that accepts functions as parameters and/or returns a function.

<br>

## Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?

Functions that work on other jobs, either by taking them as disputes or by returning them, are called high order jobs. As we have seen in the case of jobs in general, there is nothing remarkable about the fact that such jobs exist. The term comes from mathematics, where the distinction between functions and other values ​​is taken very seriously.