## links
links are the defining feature of the web because they allow you to move from one webpage to another.

they are usually created using the (a) tags which has an attribute called href The value of the href attribute is the page that you want people to go to when they click on the link.

<a href="https://www.w3schools.com/">Visit W3Schools.com for more information about links :3</a>

## Linking to other pages on the same site

When you are linking to other pages within the same site, you do not need to specify the domain name in the URL. You can use a shorthand known as a relative URL.

you can create a relative URL's in your page the Relative URLs can be used when linking to pages within your own website. They provide a shorthand way of telling the browser where to find your files.

and ofc you can link your email or any other eamil you wish for.

### linking to a specific parts of the page

well here you can create links that moves the user into a specific part of your page or other page from the same website

To link to an element that uses an id attribute you use the (a) element again, but the value of the href attribute starts with the # symbol, followed by the value of the id attribute of the element you want to link to. 

<hr>

## pages layouts

If one block level element sits inside another block level element then the outer box is known as the containing or parent element.

each blook is treated individuality
the HTML page contains of header body and a footer

CSS has the following positioning schemes that allow you to control the layout of a page: normal flow, relative positioning, and absolute positioning. You specify the positioning scheme using the positionproperty in CSS. You can also float elements using the float property.

and it consists of a normal flow, relative positioning and a absolute positioning.

## positioning 
1- static position

Since this is the default way in which browsers treat HTML elements, you do not need a CSS property to indicate that elements should appear in normal flow.

2- relative position

Relative positioning moves an element in relation to where it would have been in normal flow.

3- absolute postition

When the position property is given a value of absolute, the box is taken out of normal flow and no longer affects the position of other elements on the page.

The box offset properties specify where the element should appear in relation to its containing element.

4- fixed position: 

Fixed positioning is a type of absolute positioning that requires the position property to have a value of fixed It positions the element in relation to the browser window. Therefore, when a user scrolls down the page, it stays in the exact same place. It is a good idea to try this example in your browser to see the effect.

## overlapping
### z-index

it keeps on following the page as u scroll down which can give a good look and extra look for the page your creating by overlapping the header usually

When you use relative, fixed, or absolute positioning, boxes can overlap. If boxes do overlap, the elements that appear later in the HTML code sit on top of those that are earlier in the page. 

## float:
The float property allows you to take an element in normal flow and place it as far to the left or right of the containing element as possible, everything else will flow around the element you floated.

<hr>

## screen resalution

Resolution refers to the number of dots a screen shows per inch. Some devices have a higher resolution than desktop computers and most operating systems allow users to adjust the resolution of their screens.

<hr>
JS

what is a function?
A function is similar to a procedure a set of statements that performs a task or calculates a value, but for a procedure to qualify as a function, it should take some input and return an output where there is some obvious relationship between the input and the output.

in other words (JavaScript function is a block of code designed to perform a particular task.)

How to Create a Function in JavaScript

- Use the keyword function followed by the name of the function.
- After the function name, open and close parentheses.
- After parenthesis, open and close curly braces.
- Within curly braces, write your lines of code.

to call a function in js yo need to use the call() method that can be used in different objects.

A JavaScript function is executed when something invokes it (calls it).

when you call a function that has parameters, you need to attach a value to it, the values are called arguments.


