## When you create a web page, you add tags to the page's content. These tags provide additional information and allow browsers to show users the appropriate page layout we got the:

**Structural markup:** its used to discribe both the heading and the paragraphs

**Semantic markup:** usualy its used to provide more information to the syntax or something you have to add for quotation.

# headings
### there are 6 lvls of headings

<h1> h1 is used for the main tital 

<h2> h2 used for sub headings

<h3> h3 used under the subheading and so

h4, h5 and h6

basically here the user can adjust the font as they wish 

for the (p) tag it defines a paragraph.

(b) tag is for bold and (i) is for italic

(sup) element is used to contain characters that should be superscript such as the suffixes of dates or mathematical concepts like raising a number to a power.

(sub) element is used to contain characters that should be subscript.

## line brakers and horizonal

(br) is used for brakes as in going to a new </br>line

(hr) creates a break between themes for a new scene
 <hr/>

just like up there :3

## **Visual editors**

it is usually similar to the word processor. While each editor will be slightly different, there are some features common to most editors that allow you to control the presentation of the text.

Headings are created by highlighting text then using a drop-down box

Bold and italic text are created by highlighting some text and pressing a **b** or **i** button

New paragraphs are created ●using the return or the enter key

The (q) element is used for shorter quotes that sit within a paragraph. 

**abbr**
If you use an abbreviation or an acronym, then the (abbr) element can be used. A titleattribute on the opening tag is used to specify the full term.

**cite**
When you are referencing a piece of work like a book, film or research paper, the  (cite) element <cite> can be used to indicate where the citation is from.</cite>

i think it same with (dfn) too

The (address) element has some specific use and its to contain contact details for the author of the page.

address><p><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdIBGoO6pMk&ab_channel=squizzy"> somewbsite.gg</a></p>

The (s) element indicates something that is no longer accurate or relevant like offers in markets and shops yk?

<p><s>Was $420</s></p>
<p>Now only $69</p>

## Adding audio
HTML5 alows you to insert audio files to the pages you create. As with HTML5 video, browsers expect different formats for the audio.

  <audio controls>
  <source src="horse.ogg" type="audio/ogg">
  <source src="https://youtu.be/nUHKOgHgQc4" type="audio/mpeg">
Your browser does not support the audio element.
</audio>

  <audio controls autoplay><source src="audio/test-audio.ogg" />
  
  <source src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvBCnmQRFOo" />
  

  <video width="320" height="240" controls>
  <source src="hehe.mp4" type="video.mp4">
  
</video>

 <hr/>

## **javascript**

### **statments**

A script is a series of instructions that a computer can follow one by one. Each command or step is known as a statement. Statements should end in semicolon.

### **comments**
 comments are used to explain what your code does. They help make your code easier to read and more understandable. This can help you and others who read your code. 

 ### **what is a variable?**

 The use of variables to represent numbers or other data elements corresponds to the concept of algebra. There is one important difference, however. The equation symbol does a very different thing to the plans.

 JavaScript distinguishes between numbers, strings, and true or false values known as Booleans. 

  <hr/>

  
